I gotta get back to doing my thing with
these books on my desk I'm sorry to say
every time you see a video here the
books have moved around but there aren't
necessarily fewer books on the desk
uh-huh but you know I just saw a really
nice moment in an interview between tax
stone and Karen civil I didn't see it I
heard it this is on a podcast tax stone
is basically a radio personality and
he's one of these guys who acts a fool
who if anything exaggerated seeeeee the
sentence in which he's an idiot you know
part of his personality as a as a media
figure but underneath the act of course
doesn't mean he's all that bright
stalking this wound Karen civil and she
says that she tried being vegan for 90
days and now she's thinking about making
the transition back to eating meat and
tax stone you can just hear the contempt
in his voice just has really short
immediate reaction like transitioning
back like you're transitioning to eating
me you know it means more to me because
tax stone is a knucklehead is a bit of
an idiot yeah well i mean i did a video
here in the past talking about styles p
becoming vegan and styles p isn't all
the way vegan he's not a hundred percent
i think he still wears leather shoes and
stuff like that styles peas and
influential guy he's been an editor jail
he's a bit of a knucklehead he's a bit
of a violent character i think he
himself wouldn't claim to be an
intellectual or a very smart guy styles
p was a direct influence on tax stone
the guy mentioning right now in terms of
moving towards veganism tax stone not a
hundred percent vegan not all the way
vegan still eats meat but he thinks of
himself as being in that transition he
sees already the moral significance the
ethical and ecological significance
of not eating meat not eating dairy and
that puts him in a totally different
category from someone who has been 100%
vegan but he just did it as a 90-day
challenge and in that moment you can
hear that even though it's justin what
you'd like to him transition means
something different to him veganism
means something different even though
he's still eating meat Russell Simmons
complete idiot I'm sorry if you're a fan
of the guy fine he's a cultural icon but
listen to the interviews Russell Simmons
is given Russell Simmons gives me gave
an interview to tax stone about being
vegan okay number one Russell Simmons is
an idiot number two what he has to say
about being vegan is completely
incoherent if anything it's somewhat
embarrassing to the vegan movement and
discredits the vegan movement but hey
he's sincere and number three Russell
Simmons is not a hundred percent vegan
he's preaching it but he still eats fish
he still eats meat once in a while I'd
be shocked if he didn't wear leather
once in a while too to be perfectly
honest to you you can look through
Instagram or something and see if you've
got any photos catching him wearing
leather but still he recognizes the
ethical significance he recognized the
ecological significance to him this is
not just a diet even though he isn't all
the way into the diet yet if ever man
hearing complete idiots sign on with
veganism gives me hope for the future if
veganism could only work for brilliant
people if veganism could only work for
intellectuals who waste their time with
the stack of books like this it would be
doomed it would be D Dido doomed nobody
ever lost a fortune under estimating the
intelligence of the American people you
want to embrace the masses you want to
be embraced by the masses you got to
come up with something that in practice
the average idiot can
brace can get down with John Salley
ex-nba player heard him on Charlamagne
the god show power 105 radio being
interviewed John Salley completely
incoherent defensive veganism the radio
personality Charlemagne is interviewing
am asking oh so you know why should I go
vegan John Salley drops the ball sounds
like a fool does a terrible job I'm
happy I love the guy for being up there
I love the guy for giving voice to his
principles for one thing but again it's
only when idiots become veganism that
this thing has any steam has any power
has any meaning has any chance of making
a difference as a movement tax stone in
and out of jail shootings stabbings drug
dealing he's got a straight job down was
basically a ready radio personality he's
still a fool it means more to me to hear
him rapping veganism than to hear some
insincere pseudo-intellectual piece of
crap like sam Harris pretend to rep
veganism it means more to me to hear
these idiots being sincere then back
when Bill Clinton's phony ass pretended
to be vegan so he could lose weight and
avoid having a heart attack these things
man it ain't deep but it's real